c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\bin\Debug\cowpaws.exe.config
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\bin\Debug\cowpaws.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\bin\Debug\cowpaws.pdb
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Splash.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.exe
c:\users\lenovo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.pdb
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Login.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\bin\Debug\Guna.UI2.dll
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Cows.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Produksi.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Kesehatan.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Penjualan.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Breeding.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Keuangan.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Pegawai.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.Zakat.resources
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws2\cowpaws\bin\Debug\cowpaws.exe.config
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws2\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.exe
C:\Users\lenovo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cowpaws2\cowpaws\obj\Debug\cowpaws.pdb
